W-23514573-acb-release-july-21-fa (#689)
mulesoft/docs-code-builder: code-builder-home/modules/ROOT/pages/ref-mule-settings.adoc

Avoid setting a long delay. If you activate the auto-completion menu but initiate other actions in your project before the delay period ends, the IDE automatically returns focus to the editor and opens the menu where you activated auto-completion. Such actions include opening the command palette or using the command terminal after activating the menu.

If you move your cursor to a new location or use the up or down arrow keys in the editor before the trigger delay expires, the request to open the auto-completion menu is cancelled.

[[setting-fips-enabled]]

> == Mule › Runtime: Fips Enabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Mule > Runtime: Fips Enabled
```
This symbol is different from the ones previously used in the topic. I'm suggesting this change on the other instances as well.

> Enable FIPS compliance mode for your Mule applications. When enabled, the embedded JVM is configured to use Bouncy Castle FIPS (BCFIPS) modules for all cryptographic operations. Required for regulated PCE and GIA2H environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable FIPS compliance mode for your Mule applications. When enabled, the embedded JVM uses Bouncy Castle FIPS (BCFIPS) modules for all cryptographic operations. Required for regulated PCE and GIA2H environments.
```

Enabling this setting automatically configures BCFIPS libraries, generates a custom `java.security` file, creates a BCFKS-format keystore, and updates each Mule application run configuration with the required FIPS parameters.

For more information, see xref:start-fips-compliance.adoc[].

[[setting-fips-mode]]

> == Mule › Runtime: Fips Mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Mule > Runtime: Fips Mode
```

Select the FIPS compliance level. This setting only applies when <<setting-fips-enabled, Fips Enabled>> is selected.

Available options:

* *FIPS 140-2*
* *FIPS 140-3*

For more information, see xref:start-fips-compliance.adoc[].

[[setting-fips-cacerts-path]]

> == Mule › Runtime: Fips Custom Cacerts Path

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Mule > Runtime: Fips Custom Cacerts Path
```
